docs: add default proxy headers (#8418)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/http/headers.md

The Headers middleware manages the headers of requests and responses.

> Some headers are automatically added by default. See the [faq](../../getting-started/faq.md#what-are-the-forwarded-headers-when-proxying-http-requests) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some headers are automatically added by default. See the [FAQ](../../getting-started/faq.md#what-are-the-forwarded-headers-when-proxying-http-requests) for more information.
```

> Some headers are automatically added by default. See the [FAQ](../../getting-started/faq.md#what-are-the-forwarded-headers-when-proxying-http-requests) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A set of forwarded headers are automatically added by default. See the [FAQ](../../getting-started/faq.md#what-are-the-forwarded-headers-when-proxying-http-requests) for more information.
```
